for a while they are immersed in this
very new blanket of energy support
which help to get you higher and higher
and this and start to manifest each
more in their daily lives
enable an energy support system
to act as a tool
to help everyone to extend their
even more in what he managed to do until
now
and even though it may seem a bit
challenging for some at the moment
we know that this growth has
been anticipating for a long time
as we said before is here
to make miracles happen and what
done so far is nothing compared
what you have to do
we know that this will be enough to
moan of despair and exhaustion
many and rightly so far as the
the road you traveled so far to
reach this point in time can not
be underestimated
but stay with us again
we explain what will imply this phase of the
process because as you know will be
different levels of the
gigantic effort already accomplished what
is behind you there is a whole
important process of self-liberation
to be released from this old system and
harmful in which it was placed with
purpose of insuring and
to smother humanity in all
word meanings
however, in so far as it has been
these ancient ties also helped to
liberate all humanity from this system
archaic and suffocating and therefore of
now it is totally something else and
What do we mean by this?
simply that what is about to
ship can not be compared to
nothing that has ever been before
exposed and during this time start to
see how a new one will begin to grow at
your return
literally in their own footsteps are
those who helped to ensure this
both in areas that
a natural inclination to
concentrate as well as in areas where
nor could he see any influence on the
all
as you see the inner light they carry already
but leave its mark on the world that the
and now this process will begin.
to increase in many ways and how
we talked before
from now on in your everyday life will
to sow seeds that will be scattered
far farther than a mind
can truly understand
this is not said to cast doubt on
about their abilities to perceive
things is just to remind you that the
who do a job that in many
aspects will be imperceptible to their
the human senses and the truth of the
of your intellect but this does not
will be everything and that is why we say that
somehow still capable of
discern some of the results of all
this world-wide expression of seeds
illuminated that in many will begin to
appear to be a very
new look at the world and all that
currently tormenting them and when
perceive something of this caliber to emerge
you will know that in some way
graced with some kind of gift
will be those who have already helped
shine that light in many songs
and those who helped us to
propagate and 10 very new ones
in some truly minds
bright and together they will all be
fundamental in helping these changes
expected to begin to bloom in
every corner of your planet
brought the divine food and inspiration and
now this truly begins to have
an effect on those fertile fields of
human imagination that carries with it
remember if you are one of the billions of
souls gathered here on this planet
and within each of these
souls lies not only the seed for the
greatness but also vast repository
of knowledge and creativity waiting
to be set in motion by light
that everyone is currently so
to distribute wherever they go and
as we have previously said the effects
this large-scale solution and
which is why it is being dispersed
wavelength that takes away too much
beyond their physical limitations and also
beyond the limits
perception and as such there is no
only part of this planet that is not
being common that bombarded by this
light at the moment and there are no corners
capable of closing themselves in
totally no matter how
try to protect themselves from their
brightness miss some time to examine the
their environment not only in their
close
but also more distant and see if
can detect some of these
changes starting to drain
completely this old illusion of
fog density who gives hinder
his vision we ventured to
that will see when these signals
begin to appear to the extent that a
for one the hearts and minds begin to
respond to those messengers of light who
will infiltrate through all of you